okay I'm doing a video on the cactus v6
learning profiles showing how you can
learn new flashes to be used to just
power first of all we're going to turn
on I'm using an SP 20 for example we're
going to turn on the flash we're then
going to turn on the receiver we're
going to go into menu and you're gonna
select flash setup hit okay start
learning you'll set the flash to TTL
which it currently is on and you'll hit
go or hit okay you'll select the system
which is an icon it'll do a quick
self-test and it will say it will that
will check to see if it's able to learn
I don't know offhand I think it's like
52 is the guide number I've asked you 24
but I'm probably wrong alright now it
tells you just you then set your Flash
to manual power and you'll set it to
one-half power which I just did you'll
hit OK it will go through some testing
the one thing about testing is you need
to make sure to have fresh batteries if
you do not have fresh batteries you're
gonna end up failing the test because it
needs to be able to recycle it now says
go to 1/4 power so we'll go to 1/4 power
let it go you'll need to be about they
say 1 meter which is about 3 feet away
from a white surface and we're then
going to set it at one eight bar and now
1/16 and since the flash is not doesn't
go past 1/16 we're gonna do skip on 1/32
skip on one 64th skip on one 1:28 and
we're gonna switch it back to TTL mode
for it to tun hit ok it's now gonna tune
the flash right now it's testing through
the TTL pins testing the different
settings to make sure that it gets to
proper output it has a optical sensor on
the front of the the trigger that is
used to gauge flashes so it's using it
to gauge the amount of power that it
needs and the the output and to make
sure that it's got all the ratios
correctly it will cycle through all the
different settings like right now it's
at 1/4 power and it will keep going
until it gets to 1/16 and other flashes
if they go to 1 128 through 1/64 it will
go through those settings to most
generic TTL flashes with each brand will
self learn you know we they can of
course guarantee that every flash moment
will but most will especially if they
pass
the flash testing so now you can create
a name so hit okay great we'll call this
one let's just call it I call this SB 24
or one let's just say that
currently has an SP 24 profile built-in
oops I did standard SP 24 but currently
has one built in but as you can see you
can make your own profiles for most TTL
flashes thank you for watching the demo
and I hope I you found this very helpful